BYNAME language specification (version 1)

A BYNAME program is a sequence of lines. Tokens on a line are separated by single spaces.
Indentation is ignored. Names are words made of lower-case letters. Integer literals are
written with an optional leading minus sign directly attached to the digits (-7, 12).

VALUES
  All values are integers of unbounded size. A variable that has never been assigned
  reads as 0.

EXPRESSIONS (prefix notation)
  Binary operators, each taking exactly two operands:
    + a b   sum       - a b   a minus b       * a b   product
    < a b   1 if a is strictly less than b, otherwise 0
    = a b   1 if a equals b, otherwise 0
    AND a b   1 if both are nonzero, else 0      OR a b   1 if either is nonzero, else 0
    MIN a b   the smaller      MAX a b   the larger
  NOT a       1 if a is 0, else 0
  NEXT v      adds 1 to variable v, then yields the new value of v (v is a name, not an
              expression)
  CALL f e ...  calls procedure f with one argument expression per parameter
  An operand is a literal, a name, or a nested expression. Operands are evaluated
  strictly left to right, and every operand of an operator is always evaluated.

STATEMENTS
  SET v e        evaluate e, then assign the result to v
  PRINT e        evaluate e and append the result to the output
  CALL f e ...   as a statement: make the call and discard the value it yields
  IF e ... END   run the body if e is not zero; IF e ... ELSE ... END runs the second body
                 when e is zero
  WHILE e ... END   evaluate e before every iteration and run the body while it is not zero
  REPEAT n ... END  run the body n times (n is a literal)
  DEF f p q ... END  defines procedure f with the given parameter names (possibly none).
                 A definition takes effect when execution reaches the DEF line; the body
                 is not run then.
  RET e          inside a procedure: evaluate e and end the call, yielding that value.
                 A call whose body finishes without executing RET yields 0.
  Blocks nest freely; every IF, WHILE, REPEAT and DEF is closed by its own END.

PROCEDURES AND SCOPE
  Each call has its own local variables: its parameters, plus every name that a SET
  executed inside that call assigns (unless the name is one of its parameters). Reading
  a name inside a procedure uses the call's local of that name if it has one, otherwise
  the global of that name (0 if none). A SET on a name that is not yet a local of the
  call creates a local of that name; it does not touch any global of the same name.
  Outside any procedure every name is a global.

  Arguments are passed by name. CALL does not evaluate the argument expressions. Each
  parameter stands for its argument expression: every time the callee reads the parameter,
  that expression is evaluated afresh, at that moment, in the variables of the caller (as
  they are then, under the caller's own scope rules, which may in turn read one of the
  caller's own parameters). Nothing is remembered between reads.

  SET p e, where p is a parameter: if the argument expression given for p is a single
  name, the value is assigned to that name as the caller sees it (its local or global,
  by the caller's own rules, and if that name is itself a parameter of the caller, by
  this same rule again). If the argument expression is anything else, the SET assigns
  nothing. NEXT p follows the same rule and yields the value the parameter reads as
  afterwards.

OUTPUT
  The output is the list of all printed values in the order printed, written as decimal
  integers separated by single spaces.
