STAMP language specification (version 2)

A STAMP program is a sequence of lines. Tokens on a line are separated by single spaces.
Indentation is ignored. Names are case-sensitive words made of letters. Integer literals
are written with an optional leading minus sign directly attached to the digits (-7, 12);
a lone "-" token is the subtraction operator.

VALUES
  All values are integers of unbounded size (no overflow, no rounding).
  A variable that has never been assigned reads as 0.

EXPRESSIONS (prefix notation)
  Binary operators, each taking exactly two operands:
    + a b   sum          - a b   a minus b       * a b   product
    / a b   floor division (rounds toward negative infinity); if b is 0 the result is 0
    % a b   modulo, defined so that a = (a / b) * b + (a % b) using the floor division
            above; if b is 0 the result is 0
    < a b   1 if a is strictly less than b, otherwise 0
    = a b   1 if a equals b, otherwise 0
    AND a b   1 if both a and b are nonzero, else 0  (both operands are always evaluated)
    OR a b    1 if a or b is nonzero, else 0          (both operands are always evaluated)
    MIN a b   the smaller of a and b       MAX a b   the larger of a and b
    POW a b   a to the power b; if b is negative the result is 0; POW 0 0 is 1
  Unary operators, each taking one operand:
    NOT a   1 if a is 0, else 0            ABS a   absolute value
  Special forms:
    NEXT v        adds 1 to variable v, then yields the new value of v (v is a name,
                  not an expression); see SCOPE for which v is changed
    CALL f e ...  calls procedure f (see PROCEDURES) with one argument expression per
                  parameter
    LEN L         the number of items in list L
    AT L i        the item of list L at index i (0-based). A negative i counts from the
                  end (-1 is the last item). An index outside the list yields 0.
  An operand is a literal, a variable name, or a nested expression. Operands are
  evaluated strictly left to right.

STATEMENTS
  SET v e        evaluate e, then assign the result to v
  SETS v w e f   evaluate BOTH e and f first (using the values before this statement),
                 then assign e's result to v and f's result to w
  PRINT e        evaluate e and append the result to the output
  PUSH L e       evaluate e and append it to the end of list L (a list that has never been
                 used is empty)
  REPEAT e       ... END   evaluate e ONCE when the loop starts; run the body that many
                 times (zero times if e is zero or negative)
  WHILE e        ... END   evaluate e before EVERY iteration; run the body while it is not
                 zero
  IF e           ... END   run the body if e is not zero
  IF e           ... ELSE ... END   run the first body if e is not zero, else the second
  BREAK          leave the innermost enclosing REPEAT or WHILE immediately
  CONTINUE       skip the rest of the current iteration of the innermost enclosing REPEAT
                 or WHILE and go on to its next iteration (a WHILE re-evaluates its
                 condition; a REPEAT keeps its original count)
  BREAK and CONTINUE may appear inside IF blocks within the loop.
  Blocks nest freely. Every REPEAT, WHILE and IF is closed by its own END.

PROCEDURES
  DEF f p q ...   ... END   defines procedure f with the given parameter names (possibly
                  none). A definition takes effect when execution reaches the DEF line;
                  the body is not run then. Defining the same name again replaces it.
  RET e           inside a procedure body: evaluate e and end the call, yielding that value
                  (RET is only used inside procedures). A call whose body finishes without
                  executing RET yields 0.
  The number of argument expressions a call takes is the number of parameters in the
  definition in force when the call is reached. A call to a name that has not been
  defined at that moment takes no arguments and yields 0.
  Arguments are passed by value and evaluated left to right before the body runs.

SCOPE
  Each call has its own local variables: its parameters, plus every name that a SET, SETS
  or NEXT executed inside that call assigns (unless declared GLOBAL, below).
  Reading a name inside a procedure uses the call's local of that name if it has one,
  otherwise the global of that name (0 if none).
  A SET, SETS or NEXT on a name that is not yet a local of the current call creates a
  local of that name; it does not touch any global of the same name. For NEXT the new
  local starts from the value the name currently reads as, and then gains 1.
  GLOBAL v        inside a procedure: from this point in the current call, v refers to the
                  global variable v, for reads and for SET, SETS and NEXT alike (even if the
                  call already had a local named v, which is then hidden for the rest of
                  the call).
  Lists are always global; they are never local to a call.
  Outside any procedure, every name is a global.

OUTPUT
  The output is the list of all printed values in the order printed, written as decimal
  integers separated by single spaces (a leading minus sign for negatives, no plus signs,
  no thousands separators).
