LAYERS language specification (version 1)

A LAYERS program is a sequence of lines. Tokens on a line are separated by single spaces.
Blank lines and lines starting with # are ignored. Key names are lowercase words. Integer
literals have an optional leading minus sign attached to the digits. All values are integers
of unbounded size.

LAYERS
  LAYER n r    names a layer n with rank r (an integer). Every rule line after it, up to the
               next LAYER line, belongs to layer n. A name that has been opened before is the
               same layer: rules are added to it, and its rank stays the rank given on its
               first LAYER line (a later number is ignored).
  A smaller rank is stronger. If two different layers have the same rank, the one that was
  opened first (by its first LAYER line) is stronger.

RULES (each belongs to the layer above it)
  SET k e          a rule for key k: its value is expression e
  SET k e WHEN g   the same, but the rule takes part only if expression g is nonzero
  UNSET k          a rule for key k: the key has no value; it reads as 0
  UNSET k WHEN g   the same, but the rule takes part only if g is nonzero
  SEAL k           not a rule for k's value: it seals key k at this layer (see WINNERS)
  SHOW k1 k2 ...   names the keys whose values are the program's output, in that order

EXPRESSIONS (prefix notation, one token per operator, name or number)
  $k reads the value of key k.
  + a b   - a b   * a b   sum, difference, product
  / a b   floor division (rounds toward negative infinity); 0 if b is 0
  % a b   modulo with a = (a / b) * b + (a % b) under that floor division; 0 if b is 0
  < a b   1 if a < b, else 0        = a b   1 if a equals b, else 0
  AND a b   OR a b   NOT a   1 or 0 by the usual truth rules on nonzero values
  MIN a b   MAX a b   ABS a
  IF c a b   a if c is nonzero, else b

WINNERS
  Every key has exactly one value: the value its winning rule gives it. A key that has no
  winning rule reads 0.
  1. The candidates for key k are its SET and UNSET rules whose WHEN condition (if any) is
     nonzero.
  2. If any layer has a SEAL k, take the strongest such layer; every candidate that belongs to
     a layer weaker than it is discarded. (A sealing layer need not have a rule for k itself.)
  3. Among the remaining candidates the winner is the one from the strongest layer; if that
     layer has several, the one on the latest line.
  A program never depends on itself: no key's value needs its own value to be worked out.

VIEWS
  The strength of layers is the order given above (smaller rank first, then first opened).
  The view of a layer L is the program with every layer stronger than L left out entirely:
  their rules and their SEAL lines do not exist in that view. L itself and every weaker layer
  stay. The value of a key in a view is found by the WINNERS steps applied only to the rules
  that remain in that view.
  A $k inside an expression (the value expression or the WHEN condition) of a rule that belongs
  to layer M reads the value of k in the view of M, whatever view that rule is being
  considered in. The rules of layer M therefore never see anything a stronger layer does.
  SHOW reads each key in the view of the strongest layer, that is, in the whole program.
  Example: LAYER base 50; SET a 1; SET b + $a 10; LAYER top 10; SET a 5; SET c + $a 1; SHOW a b c
  prints 5 11 6: b's only rule belongs to base, so it reads a in the view of base (a = 1);
  c's rule belongs to top, so it reads a in the view of top (a = 5).

The program's output is the value of each key in the SHOW line, in order.
