LODE language specification (version 1)

A LODE program is a sequence of lines. Tokens on a line are separated by single spaces.
Indentation is ignored. Names are case-sensitive words made of letters. Integer literals
are written with an optional leading minus sign directly attached to the digits (-7, 12);
a lone "-" token is the subtraction operator.

VALUES
  A value is an integer (unbounded size, no overflow) or a list of values. Lists may
  contain lists, to any depth. Lists are values, like integers are.
  A variable that has never been assigned reads as the integer 0.

EXPRESSIONS (prefix notation)
  Binary operators, each taking exactly two operands:
    + a b   sum          - a b   a minus b       * a b   product
    / a b   floor division (rounds toward negative infinity); if b is 0 the result is 0
    % a b   modulo, defined so that a = (a / b) * b + (a % b) using the floor division
            above; if b is 0 the result is 0
    < a b   1 if a is strictly less than b, otherwise 0 (a and b are integers)
    = a b   1 if a and b are equal values, otherwise 0. Two integers are equal if they
            are the same number; two lists are equal if they have the same length and
            their items are equal, pairwise from the first; an integer and a list are
            never equal.
  Other forms:
    LEN e       the number of items of the list e; 0 if e is an integer
    AT e i      item i of the list e, counting from 0; 0 if e is an integer or if i is
                negative or beyond the last item
    CALL f e .. calls procedure f (see PROCEDURES) with one argument expression per
                parameter
  An operand is a literal, a variable name, or a nested expression. Operands are
  evaluated strictly left to right.

STATEMENTS
  SET v e        evaluate e, then give variable v that value
  LIST v         give variable v the empty list
  PUSH v e       evaluate e and add its value as a new last item of the list held by
                 v. If v does not hold a list, nothing happens.
  SETAT v i e    evaluate i, then e; replace item i of the list held by v with the
                 value of e. If v does not hold a list, or i is negative or beyond the
                 last item, nothing happens.
  POPTO v w      remove the last item of the list held by v and give it to variable w.
                 If v does not hold a list or the list is empty, nothing happens.
  PRINT e        evaluate e and append it to the output
  WHILE e        ... END   evaluate e before EVERY iteration; run the body while it is
                 not zero
  IF e           ... END   run the body if e is not zero
  IF e           ... ELSE ... END   run the first body if e is not zero, else the second
  Blocks nest freely. Every WHILE and IF is closed by its own END.

PROCEDURES
  DEF f p q ...   ... END   defines procedure f with the given parameter names (possibly
                  none). Procedures are defined on lines that are not inside any other
                  block. A definition takes effect when execution reaches the DEF line;
                  the body is not run then.
  RET e           inside a procedure body: evaluate e and end the call, yielding that
                  value. A call whose body finishes without executing RET yields 0.
  Arguments are passed by value and evaluated left to right before the body runs.
  Inside a procedure every name belongs to that call alone: its parameters, plus every
  name that a SET, LIST or POPTO executed inside that call gives a value to. A name of
  the call that has not been given a value reads as 0. A procedure never sees the
  variables of its caller, and the caller never sees the variables of the call.
  Outside any procedure every name is a global variable.

OUTPUT
  PRINT appends one item to the output. An integer is written in decimal (a leading
  minus sign for negatives). A list is written as [ then its items written the same way,
  separated by single spaces, then ]; the empty list is []. The output is all printed
  items in order, separated by single spaces.
