LATHE language specification (version 1)

A LATHE program is a sequence of lines. Tokens on a line are separated by single spaces.
Indentation is ignored. Names are case-sensitive words made of letters. Integer literals
are written with an optional leading minus sign directly attached to the digits (-7, 12);
a lone "-" token is the subtraction operator.

VALUES
  A value is an integer (unbounded size, no overflow) or a function value (see FUNCTIONS).
  A variable that has never been given a value reads as the integer 0.

EXPRESSIONS (prefix notation)
  Binary operators, each taking exactly two integer operands:
    + a b   sum          - a b   a minus b       * a b   product
    / a b   floor division (rounds toward negative infinity); if b is 0 the result is 0
    % a b   modulo, defined so that a = (a / b) * b + (a % b) using the floor division
            above; if b is 0 the result is 0
    < a b   1 if a is strictly less than b, otherwise 0
    = a b   1 if a equals b, otherwise 0
  Special form:
    CALL f e   evaluate f, then evaluate e, then call the function value f with e as
               its argument (see FUNCTIONS); the result is the value the call returns.
               If f is an integer, e is still evaluated and the result is 0.
  An operand is a literal, a variable name, or a nested expression. Operands are
  evaluated strictly left to right.

STATEMENTS
  SET v e        evaluate e, then give the result to variable v
  PRINT e        evaluate e (an integer) and append it to the output
  DO e           evaluate e and discard the result (used to call a function for its effects)
  WHILE e        ... END   evaluate e before EVERY iteration; run the body while it is
                 not zero
  IF e           ... END   run the body if e is not zero
  IF e           ... ELSE ... END   run the first body if e is not zero, else the second
  Blocks nest freely. Every WHILE, IF and FN is closed by its own END.

FUNCTIONS
  FN f p         ... END   creates a function value with the single parameter name p and
                 the lines up to the matching END as its body, and gives it to variable
                 f exactly as SET would. The body is not run then.
  A call runs the body of the function value with parameter p set to the argument.
  RET e          inside a function body: evaluate e and end the call, yielding that value
                 (which may be an integer or a function value). A call whose body
                 finishes without executing RET yields 0.
  Function values may be stored in variables, passed as arguments and returned.

SCOPE
  Each call has its own local variables: its parameter, plus every name that a SET or FN
  executed inside that call gives a value to (unless declared GLOBAL, below).
  Reading a name inside a call uses the call's local of that name if it has one,
  otherwise the global of that name (0 if none).
  A SET or FN on a name that is not yet a local of the current call creates a local of
  that name; it does not touch any global of the same name.
  GLOBAL v       inside a call: from this point in the current call, v refers to the
                 global variable v, for reads, SET and FN alike (even if the call already
                 had a local named v, which is then hidden for the rest of the call).
  Outside any call, every name is a global.

OUTPUT
  The output is the list of all printed values in the order printed, written as decimal
  integers separated by single spaces (a leading minus sign for negatives, no plus signs).
