ARROW language specification

An ARROW program is a sequence of lines. Tokens on a line are separated by single spaces, and
parentheses are separate tokens. Indentation is ignored. Names are case-sensitive words made of
letters. Integer literals are written with an optional leading minus sign attached to the digits.

VALUES
  There are two kinds of value: integers (unbounded, no overflow) and function values. A name that
  has never been assigned reads as the integer 0.

EXPRESSIONS
  An expression is an integer literal, a name, or a parenthesised form. Forms:
    (+ a b)  (- a b)  (* a b)     sum, difference, product of integers
    (/ a b)   floor division, rounding toward negative infinity; if b is 0 the result is 0
    (% a b)   the remainder consistent with that floor division; if b is 0 the result is 0
    (< a b)  (= a b)              1 when true, else 0
    (if c a b)   the value of a when c is not 0, otherwise the value of b; only the chosen
                 branch is evaluated
    (fn (p q ...) body)   a function value with the given parameter names (possibly none) and
                 the expression body
    (call f e1 e2 ...)    evaluate f, then e1, e2, ... from left to right; then call f, see CALLS
  The operands of every form except `if` are evaluated from left to right before the form is
  applied. Anything that is not a function value used as f in a call makes the call yield 0.

STATEMENTS
  SET v e        evaluate e, then assign the result to v (see SCOPE)
  PRINT e        evaluate e and append the result to the output
  IF e ... END   run the body if e is not 0;  IF e ... ELSE ... END has a second body run otherwise
  REPEAT e ... END   evaluate e once; run the body that many times (not at all if e <= 0)
  DEF f p q ... END  defines a procedure: it is the same as running  SET f (fn (p q ...) ...)
                 except that the body is a sequence of statements, run in order until RET
  RET e          inside a procedure body: evaluate e and end the call, yielding that value.
                 A procedure whose body ends without RET yields 0.
  GLOBAL v       inside a procedure: from this point in the current call, v means the global
                 variable v, for reads and for SET
  Every IF, REPEAT and DEF is closed by its own END.

CALLS
  A call gives the called function a new set of local variables: its parameters, bound to the
  argument values in order. (Calls in this language always pass exactly as many arguments as the
  function has parameters.) Integers and function values are passed as they are.
  The body then runs: for a `fn` the body expression is evaluated and its value is the value of
  the call; for a procedure the statements run until RET.

SCOPE
  Statements outside any procedure use global variables.
  Inside a call, a name that a SET executed in that call assigns (unless it was declared GLOBAL)
  is a local variable of that call, in addition to the parameters.
  Reading a name inside a call uses the call's local variable of that name if it has one,
  otherwise the global variable of that name (0 if there is none).
  A SET of a name that is not yet a local of the current call creates a local of that name; it
  does not change any global of the same name.
  Procedure names are ordinary global variables holding function values.

OUTPUT
  The output is the list of all printed values in order, written as decimal integers separated by
  single spaces (a leading minus sign for negatives). A function value cannot be printed.
